src/applications
src/applications/SAM_Demand_Management.app
src/classes
src/classes/SAM_Constants.cls
src/classes/SAM_Constants.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_Email_Attachment_InvocableMethod.cls
src/classes/SAM_Email_Attachment_InvocableMethod.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_InformationController_Test.cls
src/classes/SAM_InformationController_Test.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_Interface_Trigger.cls
src/classes/SAM_Interface_Trigger.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_NewButtonOverrideController_Test.cls
src/classes/SAM_NewButtonOverrideController_Test.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_NewButtonOverrideController.cls
src/classes/SAM_NewButtonOverrideController.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_NewButtonRequestLineItemContr_Test.cls
src/classes/SAM_NewButtonRequestLineItemContr_Test.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_NewButtonRequestLineItemController.cls
src/classes/SAM_NewButtonRequestLineItemController.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_QLINewButtonOverrideController_Test.cls
src/classes/SAM_QLINewButtonOverrideController_Test.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_QLINewButtonOverrideController.cls
src/classes/SAM_QLINewButtonOverrideController.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_QLITrigger_Handler.cls
src/classes/SAM_QLITrigger_Handler.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_QLITrigger_Util.cls
src/classes/SAM_QLITrigger_Util.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_Request_GroupMemberShipUtils.cls
src/classes/SAM_Request_GroupMemberShipUtils.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_Request_PublisherFieldUpdate.cls
src/classes/SAM_Request_PublisherFieldUpdate.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_Request_TriggerUtil.cls
src/classes/SAM_Request_TriggerUtil.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_RequestAgeing_Test.cls
src/classes/SAM_RequestAgeing_Test.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_RequestAgeing.cls
src/classes/SAM_RequestAgeing.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_RequestAgeUpdate_Test.cls
src/classes/SAM_RequestAgeUpdate_Test.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_RequestAgeUpdate.cls
src/classes/SAM_RequestAgeUpdate.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_RequestApexSharing.cls
src/classes/SAM_RequestApexSharing.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_RequestInformationController.cls
src/classes/SAM_RequestInformationController.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_RequestTrigger_Handler.cls
src/classes/SAM_RequestTrigger_Handler.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_RLITrigger_Handler.cls
src/classes/SAM_RLITrigger_Handler.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_RLITrigger_TriggerUtil.cls
src/classes/SAM_RLITrigger_TriggerUtil.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_ScheduleBatchProAgeUpdate_Test.cls
src/classes/SAM_ScheduleBatchProAgeUpdate_Test.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_ScheduleBatchProAgeUpdate.cls
src/classes/SAM_ScheduleBatchProAgeUpdate.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_testCustomSettingClass_util.cls
src/classes/SAM_testCustomSettingClass_util.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_TestRequestClass_util.cls
src/classes/SAM_TestRequestClass_util.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_TriggerFactory.cls
src/classes/SAM_TriggerFactory.cls-meta.xml
src/classes/SAM_TriggerUtilMethods_Test.cls
src/classes/SAM_TriggerUtilMethods_Test.cls-meta.xml
src/dashboard
src/dashboard/SAM_Dashbords.dashboard
src/dashboard/SAM_DashBoards-meta.xml
src/documents
src/documents/SAM_Demand
src/documents/SAM_Demand/SAM Logo.jpg
src/documents/SAM_Demand/SAM_Logo.jpg-meta.xml
src/documents/SAM_Demand-meta.xml
src/email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/RequestAccepted_By_SAM_Team_Member_To_SAMAdmin.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/RequestAccepted_By_SAM_Team_Member_To_SAMAdmin.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_AdditionalCCDetailsProvided_From_Requester_To_SAMT.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_AdditionalCCDetailsProvided_From_Requester_To_SAMT.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_AdditionalChargingDetailsNeeded_To_Requester_From_SAMT.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_AdditionalChargingDetailsNeeded_To_Requester_From_SAMT.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_AwaitingAdditionalFinanceDetails_By_ULFT.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_AwaitingAdditionalFinanceDetails_By_ULFT.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_CCApproved_By_ULFT_To_SAMT.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_CCApproved_By_ULFT_To_SAMT.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_CCRejected_From_ULFT_To_SAMT.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_CCRejected_From_ULFT_To_SAMT.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_DetailsRequired_DO_Build_From_SAMT.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_DetailsRequired_DO_Build_From_SAMT.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_DetailsRequired_To_Requester.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_DetailsRequired_To_Requester.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_DraftQuote_By_SAMT_To_Requester.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_DraftQuote_By_SAMT_To_Requester.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_FinalQuoteProvided_By_SAMT.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_FinalQuoteProvided_By_SAMT.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_FinalQuoteReSubmitted_To_Requester.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_FinalQuoteReSubmitted_To_Requester.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_MissingInfoProvided_To_SAMT_From_Requester.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_MissingInfoProvided_To_SAMT_From_Requester.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_More_Info_Required_To_Requester.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_More_Info_Required_To_Requester.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_NoSoftwareSpend_Closed.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_NoSoftwareSpend_Closed.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_QuerryAnswered_To_Requester.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_QuerryAnswered_To_Requester.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_QueryClosed_By_SAMT.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_QueryClosed_By_SAMT.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_QueryResubmitted.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_QueryResubmitted.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_QuoteApproved_By_Requester_To_SAMT.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_QuoteApproved_By_Requester_To_SAMT.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_QuoteRejected_To_SAMT_From_Requester.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_QuoteRejected_To_SAMT_From_Requester.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_Request_Submitted_to_SAM_Demand_Team.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_Request_Submitted_to_SAM_Demand_Team.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_RequestAssigned_To_SAM_Member.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_RequestAssigned_To_SAM_Member.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_RequestOpen_To_Admin.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_RequestOpen_To_Admin.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_RequestReassigned.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_RequestReassigned.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_Submits_Missing_Finance_Info_To_ULFT.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_Submits_Missing_Finance_Info_To_ULFT.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_SumbitsForFinanceCharge_To_ULFT.email
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_SumbitsForFinanceCharge_To_ULFT.email-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder/SAM_Email_Template_Folder-meta.xml
src/email/SAM_Email_Template_Folder-meta.xml
src/flows
src/flows/SAM_Get_User_Public_Groups_and_Set_Requester_field-12
src/flows/SAM_Owner_Update_Upon_Assigned_To_field_update-12
src/flows/SAM_Set_New_Product_Request_Status_field-5
src/flows/SAM_Set_New_Quotation_Request_Status_field-4
src/flows/SAM_Status_Update_and_Quotation_Record_Type_Update-22
src/flows/SAM_Update_Comment_History_field-3
src/groups
src/groups/SAM_Admin.group
src/groups/SAM_Finance_Team.group
src/groups/SAM_Team.group
src/groups/SAM_Requester_group.group
src/labels
src/labels/SAM.labels
src/layouts
src/layouts/SAM_Quote_Line_Item__c-SAM Non Proj Quote RO Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Quote_Line_Item__c-SAM Non Proj Quote RW Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Quote_Line_Item__c-SAM Non Proj Quote RW%2FRO Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Quote_Line_Item__c-SAM Quote RO Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Quote_Line_Item__c-SAM Quote RW Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Quote_Line_Item__c-SAM Quote RW%2FRO Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Cross Charge Request Close.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Cross Charge Request Complete.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Cross Charge Request Finance Awaiting Charge Queue.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Cross Charge Request Finance.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Cross Charge Request RW Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Non Project Close Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Non Project Close1.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Non_Project RW Req Quote Provided%2FApprove.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Non_Project RW SAM Team On hold.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Non_Project RW SAM Team%2FQuote Rejected.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Project Close1.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Project Finance On Awaiting Charge With Queue.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Project Finance On Awaiting Charge1.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Project Request RW Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Project RW Req Quote Provided1.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Project RW SAM Team On hold.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Project RW SAM Team1.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Query Request Answered Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Query Request Closed.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Query Request RW Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Query Request SAM Team on Open.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM Query Request SAM team.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM ReSubmit Cross Charge Request RW Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM ReSubmit Non Project Request RW Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM ReSubmit Project Request RW Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM ReSubmit Query Request RW Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request__c-SAM RW Non Project Request.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request_Line_Item__c-SAM IBM RO Request Line Item Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request_Line_Item__c-SAM IBM RW Request Line Item Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request_Line_Item__c-SAM Microsoft RO Request Line Item Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request_Line_Item__c-SAM Microsoft RW Request Line Item Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request_Line_Item__c-SAM Oracle RO Request Line Item Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request_Line_Item__c-SAM Oracle RW Request Line Item Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request_Line_Item__c-SAM Other Product RO Request Line Item Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request_Line_Item__c-SAM Other Product RW Request Line Item Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request_Line_Item__c-SAM SAP RO Request line Item Layout.layout
src/layouts/SAM_Request_Line_Item__c-SAM SAP RW Request line Item Layout.layout
src/objects
src/objects/SAM_Mandatory_fields_for_submit__c.object
src/objects/SAM_Quote_Line_Item__c.object
src/objects/SAM_Request__c.object
src/objects/SAM_Request_Line_Item__c.object
src/objects/SAM_success_messages__c.object
src/objects/SAM_Trigger_Pattern__c.object
src/pages
src/pages/SAM_CommentPage.page
src/pages/SAM_CommentPage.page-meta.xml
src/pages/SAM_NewButtonOverridePage.page
src/pages/SAM_NewButtonOverridePage.page-meta.xml
src/pages/SAM_NewButtonRequestLineItemPage.page
src/pages/SAM_NewButtonRequestLineItemPage.page-meta.xml
src/pages/SAM_QLI_NewButtonOverridePage.page
src/pages/SAM_QLI_NewButtonOverridePage.page-meta.xml
src/pages/SAM_RequestInformationPage.page
src/pages/SAM_RequestInformationPage.page-meta.xml
src/permissionsets
src/permissionsets/SAM_Admin.permissionset
src/permissionsets/SAM_Finance_Team.permissionset
src/permissionsets/SAM_Requestor.permissionset
src/permissionsets/SAM_System_Administrator.permissionset
src/permissionsets/SAM_Team.permissionset
src/queues
src/queues/SAM_Admin_Queue.queue
src/queues/SAM_Finance_Queue.queue
src/queues/SAM_Team.queue
src/reports
src/reports/SAM_Finance
src/reports/SAM_Finance/SAM_Finance_Report.report
src/reports/SAM_Finance-meta.xml
src/reports/SAM_Reports
src/reports/SAM_Reports/Request_Details_by_Numbers.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/Request_Type_SAM_Demand_Management_t.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/SAM_Charging_Type.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/SAM_daily_demand_tracker_using_reporttype.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/SAM_Daily_Demand_Tracker.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/SAM_Dash_ReqCount_By_Portfolio.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/SAM_Finance_Report.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/SAM_Overall_Details_By_SAMDemandManager.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/SAM_Overall_Details_By_Status.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/SAM_Publisher_Wise_Split_Dashboard.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/SAM_Quotation_Line_Status_Details.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/SAM_Request_Details_by_Request_Type.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/SAM_Request_Details_by_Status.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/SAM_Request_Details_SAM_Demand_Manager.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports/Status_wise_Number.report
src/reports/SAM_Reports-meta.xml
src/reportTypes
src/reportTypes/SAM_Quote_Details_Dashboard.reportType
src/reportTypes/SAM_Quote_Details_Dashboard1.reportType
src/reportTypes/SAM_Request_Details.reportType
src/reportTypes/SAM_Request_with_Product.reportType
src/reportTypes/SAM_Request_with_Quotations.reportType
src/sharingRules
src/sharingRules/SAM_Request__c.sharingRules
src/tabs
src/tabs/SAM_Request__c.tab
src/triggers
src/triggers/SAM_QLI_Trigger.trigger
src/triggers/SAM_QLI_Trigger.trigger-meta.xml
src/triggers/SAM_Request_Trigger.trigger
src/triggers/SAM_Request_Trigger.trigger-meta.xml
src/triggers/SAM_RLI_Trigger.trigger
src/triggers/SAM_RLI_Trigger.trigger-meta.xml
src/workflows
src/workflows/SAM_Quote_Line_Item__c.workflow
src/workflows/SAM_Request__c.workflow
src/workflows/SAM_Request_Line_Item__c.workflow